Frames - Frequently Asked Questions 

Frames - FAQ

This Frequently Asked Question will be continually updated to accommodate new information with respect to new updates and changes on the App and will be used inside the App to help users find answers to their questions.


What is Frames App? 

Frames is full-of-features, easy-to-customize, free and open source, light-weight, Android dashboard library to create wallpapers apps with almost-null effort. This app will show you quality photographs from all over the world in high resolution.


Where can the Frame app be downloaded? 

Frame app can be downloaded on our Github repository - https://github.com/jahirfiquitiva/Frames.


Do I have to pay to get full features? 

We've made all the features available to you for free. Supporting the developments is optional, but certainly appreciated.


Can I save wallpapers directly to my gallery or file manager? 

Yes, wallpapers are available to save directly to a path/folder in your file manager. 


Does Frames gets any infomation about me or my device? 

No personal or private information about you or your device is collected or transmitted by this app.


Does Frame consume much RAM like other apps? 

High-resolution imagery takes a lot of memory in uncompressed form, and multiple buffers are required. But fear not, should your device need the memory while the wallpaper/daydream is not visible, the memory occupied by the app will automagically be released and repurposed.


Are the wallpaper updated or basically the present ones?

Yes, the wallpapers are updated when updates are available. You can refresh each categories or by putting on the notification feature, and get notification when wallpapers are updated.


How can I donate to Frames? 

Donations are welcomed and can be done by using the donate feature present in the app and do the necessary steps. 

If you have other questions that are not listed above, kindly reach us through the contact details provided in the profile.
